Backoff time (#411)
Materials-Consortia/OPTIMADE: optimade.rst

  - **data\_available**: an integer containing the total number of data resource objects available in the database for the endpoint.
  - **last\_id**: a string containing the last ID returned.
  - **response\_message**: response string from the server.

>   - **request\_delay**: a non-negative float giving time in seconds a client should wait before issuing a subsequent request.

Reviewer: I don't like the lowercase should, as it makes it a bit ambiguous exactly how standards-breaking it is for a client to ignore this (it should be a pure suggestion, i.e., not standards-breaking at all.)
```suggestion
  - **request\_delay**: a non-negative float giving time in seconds that the client is suggested to wait before issuing a subsequent request.
```

    An implementation MAY respond with :http-error:`429 Too Many Requests` error if a client refuses to respect the indicated delay.

>     In that case the response SHOULD contain ``Retry-After` HTTP header <https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Headers/Retry-After>`__ to instruct the client to wait before retrying.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    In that case the response SHOULD contain a ` `Retry-After` HTTP header <https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Headers/Retry-After>`__ to instruct the client to wait before retrying.
```

The formatting here doesn't  seem to work (linking from monospaced text), perhaps the above fixes it?

Author: This did not seem to work. I just removed the monospace styling for now.

>     In that case the response SHOULD contain ``Retry-After` HTTP header <https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Headers/Retry-After>`__ to instruct the client to wait before retrying.

Reviewer: I think this belongs elsewhere - the SHOULD-level requirement that server return the Retry-After http header in a 429 response should apply regardless of whether the request_delay field is used or not.

Author: Right, this has already been discussed, and we agreed it should be moved elsewhere.

Author: @rartino yes, I intend to do so, but it would help me a lot to know where exactly should I move this text.

Reviewer: I think the only place that makes sense is https://github.com/Materials-Consortia/OPTIMADE/blob/develop/optimade.rst#http-response-status-codes

Author: Ah, right, will move soon.

Reviewer: I'd say no, but there were others pushing for this info. I think the primary problem I have with just leaving what you have as it is, is that it adds a requirement on HTTP headers in a section that is, in a sense, not strinctly tied to HTTP as the transmission protocol. I'll try to suggest a requirement-free version.

Author: Thanks for the suggestion, I have accepted it. I like that HTTP 429 and `Retry-After` are now in an implementation note. This way OPTIMADE specification does not add specific interpretation on top of HTTP standards.

>   - **request\_delay**: a non-negative float giving time in seconds that the client is suggested to wait before issuing a subsequent request.
>     An implementation MAY respond with :http-error:`429 Too Many Requests` error if a client refuses to respect the indicated delay.
>     In that case the response SHOULD contain a `Retry-After HTTP header <https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Headers/Retry-After>`__ to instruct the client to wait before retrying.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - **request\_delay**: a non-negative float giving time in seconds that the client is suggested to wait before issuing a subsequent request.
  
        Implementation note: the functionality of this field overlaps to some degree with features provided by the HTTP error :http-error:`429 Too Many Requests` and the `Retry-After HTTP header <https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Headers/Retry-After>`__. Implementations are suggested to provide consistent handling of request overload through both mechanisms.
```

Reviewer: Note: I realized that you had a very non-standard link for the Retry-After header, so I've also changed that to link the apropriate section of the HTTP rfc.
